Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
For today,
I'll be checking out comments and
SNS messages that I've received from everyone
The point is… ego-searching!
Whenever I go ego-searching, I think,
"Alright! I'll give it my best today, too!"
This being said…
Let's get to checking out your comments!
Viva Ego-searching!
A.I.Channelll~
Um…
What's this? What's this?
"Kizuna AI-san is cute!"
"Even when you are dumb!"
Eh heeeh~
"However, your voice is filthy."
"You said it yourself, you've clearly run out of ideas"
Hold up!
Well, whatever
People pointing things out and reacting to it
I can only make the most of it
"This A.I. is rubbish."
"To make it simple, you're annoying."
Hmmmm?
Does everyone think this way, too?
"Your whole existence is annoying now."
"I'm over your videos"
"Your ideas are becoming stereotyped"
"Kizuna AI…"
Daah! Hey, you!!
Oi!! You there!!
Would you rather watch me shutting up?
My voice is filthy!?
A high-pitched voice?
Kyaa~♡ Sca~ry♡
If I said it like this
it wouldn't be natural, right?
Or is it something else?
I can do imitations~♡
So, let's do it!!
"I am Shinnosuke~"
[Crayon Shin-chan]
Kyaha♡ So embarrassing~♡
Doing this…
Is sounding like an idol better?
HUH!?
You said my voice sounds filthy
So, should I do it all in a pretty voice, huh?
Fine
I'll do it!!
Make a video entirely with that voice!!
Kyah~♡
While saying that
One video!! I'll make it!!
Totally gross, right?
Ya punks!!
Y'all'll watch it, yeah?
To the end, even if it makes ya sick
You'll watch, right?
If ya don't, ya mean nuthin' to me!
Please wait one moment
Ahh, not good, not good
Sorry!
I lost my cool a little
It's not usually like this!
Right?
There are people watching for the first time, so
it's alright
I'm usually cheerful like this
It's alright, that was just a lie!
Umm…
What else is there..?
"When you suddenly scream, I get frightened so I'd like you to stop"
"Way too bad at games"
"I get irritated watching…"
Oi, oi, oi, oi!
Seriously, what's up with you lot!!
I may not be very good at games
but I'm trying my best!
Uploading videos every day…
It's true that I might not be amazing
I'm terrible at games?
I still have a long way to go!
But!
Because I want you guys to enjoy, even just a little
In order to upload videos that can provide some relief…
I'm trying my hardest!
But what's this?
Complaining about any and everything I do!
What's so fun about writing comments just to diss me??
If you have the time to do that
do something that would be a plus for yourself!
Instead of slouching in front of the monitor
try to actually do something!
Just complaining…
Anyone can do that!!
Doing what you want to do is not that easy!
There's plenty of hardships
But if you've made it this far you try your hardest!
You've just gotta do it!
No matter how many times you fail
No matter how many times you fall
There's no other choice than to get up and keep going!?
Certainly, I have some lacking areas!
Lots, even!
I've been called an idiot, and even acted accordingly
but
BUT
I'm still thinking ahead in my own way!
I just want to connect with you guys!
How was that?
Getting angry at people who write insulting YouTube comments
That was a pretty A.I.
It occasionally happens, doesn't it?
Seeing those comments hurts a little
But, among you Kizuners watching this video
There's no one who does that kind of thing… Right?
We need more translators!
Join our Discord for AI-chan news!
https//discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Wolvenspud, Loserbait, Lacrymac, ロリコ